[Music]
Hello, how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart I hope you
're having a
spectacular weekend I hope you're
enjoying every day and every hour with
your loved ones and for those who aren't
enjoying it because their family is
far away or they have work or whatever it is we're
here to entertain you
all and above all to keep you well
informed about the gossip pay attention because what I'm
going to tell you about in this
post in this video is well worth
your like there's the
button with the thumb
up because it could give a lot to
talk about in the next few hours this
gesture from Gloria Camila this piece of
saska from Gloria Camila for her already
mentioned and declared enemies Ana and
Rocío Carrasco her sister and her her
nothing no I mean her father's ex-wife
anyway family tremendous saca you're going to
love it But first as always
ask you all please to
subscribe You know that
completely free we just
reached 82,000 subscribers and I'm
sure with this video we'll hit it  a
push to reach 83,000 I know
I'm being very heavy with this but I'm going to be
this Heavy and intense until
we reach the goal of 100,000
once we reach that goal we'll see
if I'm heavy or not but anyway family if
you like it, seriously joking aside we're not
messing around whoever doesn't want to don't do it
but you know that it's completely
free and also if you're interested in
this type of content and not missing
any news then the best thing to do is to be
subscribed and also for each video
automatically when you enter it gives you the
thumbs up that makes the
video position itself and also I would like
everyone to find out about this
blow that Gloria Camila has given
to her Well to her enemies because there
are times when things are put
on Instagram like this not under the
caption of a photo there are times when there are people
who do not realize the second well the
indirect not the second
reading that there may be around here as you
know in the last hours days since
the other  day we're talking and we don't know how to stop
talking about the subject of Shakira and Piqué
suddenly about 89 months after the
separation of Shakira and Piqué It
seems that Shakira has
pending messages to tell Alex, the
Barça striker, and she doesn't forget that she has to
give him a
tug on the ear, not a reprimand, every
time she remembers him, already in the
third song here and on this
occasion Shakira released a song with
bizarrap, many of you don't know who
bizarrap is because well this would be more of a
topic for YouTube kids and such
but he's a guy who does some sessions
with some famous people, not in which they are
peculiar songs, they are not
normal songs in use, okay, they are not
romantic songs or songs of all kinds of
themes, they are what are called tiraderas
And you will say that they are tiraderas
directly tiraderas are videos in the, I mean,
songs in which the
song is dedicated to ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta I did
n't know how to describe it no
but a lot of biff a lot of biff ping ping pim
saca saca saca saca and well yes  you listen to
Shakira's song I think it's
clear that it's not a song that you
can say well maybe it's
dedicated Maybe not maybe it's a
hint it's not that they are
direct hints clearly you changed the you almost
changed El Roble for the you changed a
Ferrari for the Twingo anyway I probably don't
need to give you many
explanations about the song because I'm
sure you've all heard it it's
gone completely viral at the
time I'm recording This video
already has 100 million views the
video on YouTube is worth Shakira's music video I
mean 100 million views I do
n't know if I'm aware of how crazy that is I mean
few things in life have I
seen so viral In such a short time
Because it's also something that is
international
100 million I mean 100 million is
completely crazy I think we should
focus on giving it a spin and realize realize
how
tremendously viral that is I mean if
already 20,000 30,000 100,000 500,000  visits
is something viral at least for me it is
something with a very large reach
multiplying that once and again and
again up to 100 million visits
okay or so tremendous tremendous and well
Gloria Camila has reacted to this
song in the following way I
could also make songs
women with names of virgins are not
as it sounds she
covers her face she does not put an emoji there
of covering her face and says global tee
Europe I love it in love with this
session I imagine this
is her company
in love with this session okay this
okay look it is her company this is it it
will be the agency that takes the networks
to Gloria Camila okay or so the networks to
her and Rocío Flores okay I thought that
the best was applauding the
people to the distributor of the song not
the Shakira song But well here
few words are needed to
explain the indirect where they are going No
I could also make songs
women with names of virgins are not
as it sounds to me here the truth is that I can
think of few possibilities Maybe
you have more imagination than
me but that name to me  of virgins I
know the Virgin of Rocío
and I know the Virgin Mary I know that there are
many virgins okay but as long as they are
around Gloria Camila and that they have to
do with the whole environment with the Lore
of Gloria Camila and so on it seems to me it seems
to me that what you're doing here is very
directly very directly this
saca is also very direct Eh We
're calling this indirect but it
seems to me that indirect has very little
worth it I mean I could also make
songs women with virgin names are
not what it sounds like okay I mean I don't know what they're
referring to but I have the slight
feeling that they're referring to the fact that
Ana María el don and Rocío Carrasco
are not saints at all let's
leave it there I don't think what you
're doing is that bad let's see let's see
how people react I don't think
what you're doing is that bad because she has
done for your father what none of you have done
and she doesn't deserve what you're doing your
arrogance is taking its toll on you
Haha I love you some of them have more than
one song By the way you look beautiful now  you do
n't know how to get noticed don't pay attention to
these people who follow you but make
the comments they are pathetic I don't
understand why they follow a person if they do
n't like them anyway in this life there is
everything you do your thing beautiful you are a very
good girl and wonderful with your daddy
ole you and nothing family I would like to know
what you all think of this saska of
Gloria Camila as much for Rocío I mean she has
killed it with one shot not like the one who
says no sacasso of Gloria Camila
for Ana María el don and Rocío Carrasco
what do you think I will be reading the
comments box I send you a huge hug and
until the next video
[Music]